SwiftSample/README.md, before:

#Lottie Example in Swift

Lottie is a mobile library for Android and iOS that parses Adobe After Effects animations exported as json with [bodymovin](https://github.com/bodymovin/bodymovin) and renders the vector animations natively on mobile and through React Native!

## Objective-C example
here is an official [Objective-C example](https://github.com/airbnb/lottie-ios) from airbnb

## Example

Here is some sample from the official site

![Example1](_Gifs/Examples1.gif)
![Example2](_Gifs/Examples2.gif)

![Community](_Gifs/Community 2_3.gif)
![Example3](_Gifs/Examples3.gif)

![Abcs](_Gifs/Examples4.gif)

## Install Lottie

###Cocoapods
Add the pod to your podfile
```
pod 'lottie-ios'
```
run
```
pod install
```

###Carthage
Install Carthage (https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage)
Add Lottie to your Cartfile
```
github "airbnb/lottie-ios" "master"
```
run 
```
carthage update
```

## Using Lottie
for more information please read the official [Readme](https://github.com/airbnb/lottie-ios/blob/master/README.md)

Commit message:

Updated readme for instructions on cocoapods

SwiftSample/README.md, after:

#Lottie Example in Swift

Lottie is a mobile library for Android and iOS that parses Adobe After Effects animations exported as json with [bodymovin](https://github.com/bodymovin/bodymovin) and renders the vector animations natively on mobile and through React Native!

## Objective-C example
here is an official [Objective-C example](https://github.com/airbnb/lottie-ios) from airbnb

## Example

Here is some sample from the official site

![Example1](_Gifs/Examples1.gif)
![Example2](_Gifs/Examples2.gif)

![Community](_Gifs/Community 2_3.gif)
![Example3](_Gifs/Examples3.gif)

![Abcs](_Gifs/Examples4.gif)

## Install Lottie

###Cocoapods
Add the pod to your podfile 
```
pod 'lottie-ios'
```
run
```
pod install
```
(If you've never added pods before, install cocoapods in the terminal using "sudo gem install cocoapods" and then go to your project directory and call "pod init"

###Carthage
Install Carthage (https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage)
Add Lottie to your Cartfile
```
github "airbnb/lottie-ios" "master"
```
run 
```
carthage update
```

## Using Lottie
for more information please read the official [Readme](https://github.com/airbnb/lottie-ios/blob/master/README.md)
